Feat/appcircle cli doc (#23)
appcircleio/appcircle-cli: docs/config/current.md

# `appcircle config current`

> Set a Appcircle CLI currently active configuration environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the currently active configuration environment in the Appcircle CLI.
```
